1﻿: All ﻿maps must be limit removing or vanilla compatible, and use no textures that aren't in the approved list, all maps must also come in at 384 kilobytes or less.

2: When testing your maps, be sure to test them in the latest version of Crispy Doom, as that is the source port target of the project.

3: Maps for the future GZDoom version of the project should be tested in the lastest versions of GZDoom, LZDoom, and Zandronum, i don't care for ZDaemon, so testing in it isn't necessary.

4: MIDIs of all genres are accepted.

5: When it comes to textures, use IAC instead of UAC or AGM, templates for the IAC logo can be found in the /patches folder in the Github.

6: Don't use WADs outside of maps, for other things, like sounds or textures, put them in a zip file, it avoids the problem of me needing to open a WAD in SLADE and move them to the deutex tree.

7: Please put sprite offsets in a text file instead of putting them directly on the images, it's quite a chore to have to open each individual frame in SLADE and then copy the offsets to the buildcfg.

8: Don't use nonfree assets, i intend for this project to be 100% free for commercial use and public domain, and i can't use assets such as assets grabbed from commercial products and non-commercial assets in a project of this type.

9: For audio contributions, i encourage that you provide a lossless version of the audio alongside the lossy version, i do plan on using 44khz audio for the eventual GZDoom version of the project, and having lossless versions of the audio already would be great.

10: All contributions must have a license attached to them, the exact license doesn't matter, if it's a permissive free license that allows for commercial use, such as the 3 clause BSD license, the public domain through a waiver of your choice, or Creative Commons, i can use it in the project, although use of the public domain is strongly encouraged.

APPROVED TEXTURE LIST:

Any texture that can be found in the TEXTURE1 or TEXTURE2 of Doom or Doom 2